yo what's going on everybody support
vandalism represent the st. Louis MC
producer extraordinaire video in my
backyard let's get it talk discussion
today see me when I'm walking in the
over your head yeah i'm off with a
mufucka poppins of land i'm the illest
estate movers nigga fuck what you see
vandalism up in here and we are in the
legendary vintage vinyl you don't know
anything about this fighting me from
here says you're not saying goes you
might be familiar with the work that
I've done with the Hall of Justice
soldiers of fortune album dreamer to
help knife one this project I got a song
in there with Krista 59 and knowledge
from kids in the hall it might be
familiar with my album Megatron makers
that I released last year if you are how
y'all doing y'all working hard today
that's what I like to hear hard-working
man employ USA let's get it right now
we're standing outside of the youth city
loop where there is made for this is
where we originated like all of us were
different parts of juice city you know
I'm saying we came up and we all started
here I've lived in pretty much every
hood you can possibly think of racing
around a lot a lot a lot of negative
things but my mother made it her
business to steer me in a different way
right 11 years old I start picking up
the jam by my uncle even there you know
showing what to do on the tables and
then I started rocking party you know
some years later down the line you know
you got me here you know work with
Grammy Award producers and all that good
jazz my story simple internet is has
helped tonight especially even with
connecting with people
that are in the industry or they do
music that you honestly will never have
ever had a chance of connecting with
just on the lover respective they enjoy
your art you enjoy that are hey let's do
something together being able to put
projects out on the internet and people
downloaded the check it didn't hit you
back and tell you how much they loved it
or how much it sucks you know my brother
right now that's like smashing stuff all
over the globe my doing Flying Lotus
like without with a homing in on say my
folks back there is all of those people
have never honestly met me in person
that's the crazy thing but straight up
and down like them with my folks all the
negative stuff they talk about the
download and this and the other like
downloading is not hurting anybody who's
making dope ass music seriously well you
don't know much about st. Louis as much
as I love it it's a lot of negativity
there um and with all of that being said
you're either going to fight a flood
it's good that it's as hard as it is
because it teaches you know me as well
as the rest of my cool things of that
nature that we can go anywhere it make
it happen clearly we are I've reached
this for to be right here on your
computer screen why are you looking at
me and all that stuff right was love my
like you do it you know that's it other
than that working on my new project it's
a double out yeah that's right two
albums and one you can't beat that can
be realistic try out I mean it's amazing
it starts studied talking but I got
Moses on there slow down with low savage
is on that joint you know I'm saying um
she joined the truth came from the dead
drop the verse on that mug Macy Gray
came in he gave you a massage as I was
producing one of the songs so I mean
basically that's it I'm glad to finally
bring you are the st. Louis video in my
backyard vandalism we out peace
you